readme.md, before:

## config-gen [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/WeareJH/config-gen.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/WeareJH/config-gen)

> Generate RequireJS Optimizer configuration for Magento 2 website based on real-world usage.

## Step 1 - Download the binary

To enable easy usage, `config-gen` is packaged as a single binary (currently only osx) - just check
the [releases](https://github.com/shakyShane/config-gen/releases) page and download the latest version.

## Step 2 - create a configuration file, call it `config-gen.yml`

```
presets:
  - name: m2
    options:
      bundle_config: file:test/fixtures/bundle-config.yml
```

## Step 3 - create the `bundle-config.yml` file as noted above.

This is what determines the parent-child relationship. This file is 
read from disk every time the `/build.json` or `/loaders.js` endpoint is
requested - which means you can navigate around the site and continue
to tweak these relationships to get the optimal result.

```yaml
bundles:
  - name: "bundles/main"
    urls:
      - "/"
      - "/index.php/women/tops-women/jackets-women.html"
    children:
      - name: "bundles/product"
        urls:
          - "/index.php/juno-jacket.html"
        children: []
```

## Step 4 - Now run the program against a Magento 2 instance

This will provide you with a new url, something like `http://127.0.0.1`. You should
exercise any areas of the frontend that you want to be covered by the optimizer.

```
./config-gen http://example.com --config config-gen.yml
```

## Step 5 - access the APIs to retrieve the generated code.

At any point, you can access the following endpoints to retrieve the generated json/js files.

|Path|Purpose|
|---|---|
|`/__bs/build.json`|Generates the configuration needed for the Optimzer|
|`/__bs/loaders.js`|Generates the JavaScript needed to load additional bundles|
|`/__bs/seed.json`|Generates a dump of the current state so that you can pick up where you left off|

---

## Using `build.json`

You'll first need to run `static-content:deploy` to ensure all assets are accessible to the optimizer - 
once you've done that, you'll need to `mv` the entire locale folder and then run the r_js tool using the 
build.json

```
mv pub/static/frontend/Acme/default/en_{GB,GB_src}
r_js -o build.json \
    baseUrl=/app/pub/static/frontend/Acme/default/en_GB_src \
    dir=/app/pub/static/frontend/Acme/default/en_GB \
    optimize=none
```

**Note 1**: the above is a short version, in the `mv` you'll probably want to check the directory
exists etc - but I'm not providing a full script here since requirements will differ.

**Note 2**: change `optimize=none` to `optimize=uglify` when you've confirmed the bundling is working.

---

## Loading additional bundles

When you access `/__bs/loaders.json`, it will provide Javascript snippets that will allow the additional bundles
to be loaded - exactly how you implement this part is up to you, however we will soon be providing a reference
implementation that shows how to add/remove the additional bundles based on some admin flags.

For now though, an example should how to load `bundles/default` on every page, would look like this...

```html
<script src="http://example.com/../requirejs/require.js"></script>
<script src="http://example.com/../mage/requirejs/mixins.js"></script>
<script src="http://example.com/../requirejs-config.js"></script>
<script src="http://example.com/../default-loader.js"></script> <!-- <<<< this is the new file -->
```

Where the contents of `default-loader.js` is obtained from the config-gen api `/__bs/loaders.js`.

The key point here though, is that during development you wont want that bundle file in place, so this file
should be conditionally added via xml config when in production.

Commit message:

docs: add tip about the network cache

readme.md, after:

## config-gen [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/WeareJH/config-gen.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/WeareJH/config-gen)

> Generate RequireJS Optimizer configuration for Magento 2 website based on real-world usage.

## Step 1 - Download the binary

To enable easy usage, `config-gen` is packaged as a single binary (currently only osx) - just check
the [releases](https://github.com/shakyShane/config-gen/releases) page and download the latest version.

## Step 2 - create a configuration file, call it `config-gen.yml`

```
presets:
  - name: m2
    options:
      bundle_config: file:test/fixtures/bundle-config.yml
```

## Step 3 - create the `bundle-config.yml` file as noted above.

This is what determines the parent-child relationship. This file is 
read from disk every time the `/build.json` or `/loaders.js` endpoint is
requested - which means you can navigate around the site and continue
to tweak these relationships to get the optimal result.

```yaml
bundles:
  - name: "bundles/main"
    urls:
      - "/"
      - "/index.php/women/tops-women/jackets-women.html"
    children:
      - name: "bundles/product"
        urls:
          - "/index.php/juno-jacket.html"
        children: []
```

## Step 4 - Now run the program against a Magento 2 instance

This will provide you with a new url, something like `http://127.0.0.1`. You should
exercise any areas of the frontend that you want to be covered by the optimizer.

*Tip:* You'll want to disable the network cache, either do this by opening dev-tools and checking
the 'disable network cache' checkbox, or you can open your browser with a specific flag, eg: in chrome
you can run `/Applications/Google\ Chrome.app/Contents/MacOS/Google\ Chrome --disk-cache-size=1`

```
./config-gen http://example.com --config config-gen.yml
```

## Step 5 - access the APIs to retrieve the generated code.

At any point, you can access the following endpoints to retrieve the generated json/js files.

|Path|Purpose|
|---|---|
|`/__bs/build.json`|Generates the configuration needed for the Optimzer|
|`/__bs/loaders.js`|Generates the JavaScript needed to load additional bundles|
|`/__bs/seed.json`|Generates a dump of the current state so that you can pick up where you left off|

---

## Using `build.json`

You'll first need to run `static-content:deploy` to ensure all assets are accessible to the optimizer - 
once you've done that, you'll need to `mv` the entire locale folder and then run the r_js tool using the 
build.json

```
mv pub/static/frontend/Acme/default/en_{GB,GB_src}
r_js -o build.json \
    baseUrl=/app/pub/static/frontend/Acme/default/en_GB_src \
    dir=/app/pub/static/frontend/Acme/default/en_GB \
    optimize=none
```

**Note 1**: the above is a short version, in the `mv` you'll probably want to check the directory
exists etc - but I'm not providing a full script here since requirements will differ.

**Note 2**: change `optimize=none` to `optimize=uglify` when you've confirmed the bundling is working.

---

## Loading additional bundles

When you access `/__bs/loaders.json`, it will provide Javascript snippets that will allow the additional bundles
to be loaded - exactly how you implement this part is up to you, however we will soon be providing a reference
implementation that shows how to add/remove the additional bundles based on some admin flags.

For now though, an example should how to load `bundles/default` on every page, would look like this...

```html
<script src="http://example.com/../requirejs/require.js"></script>
<script src="http://example.com/../mage/requirejs/mixins.js"></script>
<script src="http://example.com/../requirejs-config.js"></script>
<script src="http://example.com/../default-loader.js"></script> <!-- <<<< this is the new file -->
```

Where the contents of `default-loader.js` is obtained from the config-gen api `/__bs/loaders.js`.

The key point here though, is that during development you wont want that bundle file in place, so this file
should be conditionally added via xml config when in production.
